docs: playwright test v. library (#15854)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/playwright-test-versus-library-js.md

---
id: playwright-test-vs-library
title: "Playwright Test vs. Library"
---

Playwright Library provides unified APIs for launching and interacting with browsers, while Playwright Test provides all this plus a fully managed end-to-end Test Runner and experience.

> Under most circumstances, for end-to-end testing, you'll want to use `@playwright/test` (Playwright Test), and not `playwright` (Playwright Library) directly. If you are integrating Playwright with a third-party test runner, or are working on scraping/automation, you will use Playwright Library directly.

Author: I'm not sure yet how a user arrives at this doc; however, if you get here, I want to quickly get the user out and back the testing docs unless they *really* want to use the lib directly and therefore need this info.

> Under most circumstances, for end-to-end testing, you'll want to use `@playwright/test` (Playwright Test), and not `playwright` (Playwright Library) directly. If you are integrating Playwright with a third-party test runner, or are working on scraping/automation, you will use Playwright Library directly.

Author: ```suggestion
Under most circumstances, for end-to-end testing, you'll want to use `@playwright/test` (Playwright Test), and not `playwright` (Playwright Library) directly.

## When Should Playwright Library Be Used Directly?

- creating an integration for a third party test runner (e.g. the third-party runner plugins listed [here](./test-runners.md) are built on top of Playwright Library)
- automation and scraping
```
